feat(NIST 800-53): add DMS rule to pack (#106)
cdklabs/cdk-nag: RULES.md

| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [NIST.800.53-DMSReplicationNotPublic](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/dms-replication-not-public.html)                                       | 'DMS replication is public - (Control ID: AC-4).                                        | DMS replication instances can contain sensitive information and access control is required for such accounts.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [NIST.800.53-DMSReplicationNotPublic](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/dms-replication-not-public.html)                                       | The DMS replication instance is public - (Control ID: AC-4).                                        | DMS replication instances can contain sensitive information and access control is required for such accounts.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```

> | [NIST.800.53-DynamoDBPITREnabled](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/dynamodb-pitr-enabled.html)                                       | 'The DynamoDB table does not have Point-in-time Recovery enabled - (Control IDs: CP-9(b), CP-10, SI-12).                                        | The recovery maintains continuous backups of your table for the last 35 days.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [NIST.800.53-DynamoDBPITREnabled](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/dynamodb-pitr-enabled.html)                                       | The DynamoDB table does not have Point-in-time Recovery enabled - (Control IDs: CP-9(b), CP-10, SI-12).                                        | The recovery maintains continuous backups of your table for the last 35 days.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```
